All right.
In the last section, we have completed the Post page.
We got everything like sidebar and also the widgets.
And also we we we fix the problems with the like.
Deleting and putting comments in this section.
We're going to get all the comments related to this post and show and create another component to show
it just under the post.
We already have the post I.D..
We can.
We already got it from the IRL using a router.
Based on this idea, we can request to the database, to the fire store using use effect and get all
the comments related to that post.
If you remember, we created a new.
I thought you meant.
Inside our fire store.
We have the collection posts and.
Each of them has an idea and they have a field.
And also we have more collections and we call the new collection concepts comments and the comments
has.
It's own idea and also the information like the comment itself, name timestamps and etc..
So we want to get.
All these comments related to this post.
For example, this post has a comment, so it has, I think, around ten comments so far.
The other one.
Has, for example.
One comment.
Okay, so first we get the car and we get the I.D., the post I.D..
This one from Earl, and we check if it has the comments collection or not.
If it has, we just.
Get all of them and then look through all of them and show them one by one by using map method.
Okay, let's go back to Visual Studio code.
And inside I.D. that's.
We just create a use effect under the other one.
We got the post data from using this use effect.
For this one.
We're getting the kids comments.
After the post.
This film was get.
The Post's data.
Okay, so.
We can just use the use effects.
Use of vac is going to take two things here.
See effects and also dependency.
Their effects is going to be by function and the dependency is just.
Now.
We can pass the database and also the I.D..
If the I.D. changes, we want to have this user effects triggered and also in the database.
Anything changed inside the database?
Okay.
Uh.
So now.
We need to air on the snapshot to get the information.
So on a snapshot, we want to get to query.
We want to have we want to sort the documents by the time stamp.
So we need to put everything inside a query.
And after that we want to the collection of reference.
So inside a collection, the refrain is reference is deep down we go to the posts.
Then we go to the post I.D. and finally we go to the comments collection.
And inside the Collins collection.
We want to order this by.
Timestamp.
It can't.
It should be descending.
It means the news comes first.
Okay.
So let's import all of them.
I think we already have huge effect at the top.
Yeah, we already use it before on snapshot.
We should have Korea.
We don't have.
So we import it from fire store collection.
We import it as well.
And also ordered by.
I think we have.
They're ordered by already imported.
So we have collection Dacus on a stop shop ordered by a quarry from Firestone arc.
Now this should get their comments.
So we get the comment.
Now we need to get this snapshot and sit it inside a state.
And first, so we need to create this state.
So I copy this and just call this one comment.
And this is the function to change the value of the comments or set comment.
And initial value is an empty array because it's an array of comments then.
Here after a snapshot.
Uh.
After the query, we can just get this snapshot.
And we sit we get this snapshot sit a comment to the snapshot that ducks.
Okay.
Now we have the comments here.
We can just.
Show them sombre page.
So after the this post.
We can create a component called comment and we look through this comment and show them inside that.
So let's create a component and we call it.
Comment that, yes, we can use r, f c to create a react functional component.
So we just leave it.
Now we need to make it count capital.
That's because it's a convention for components.
And let's make this fun.
Capital two.
So we just say comment and let's get rid of this import and insight idea that, gee, yes, we can under
this post.
Look through there all the comments.
Uh, they call it comment.
I think it should be comments to get more than one.
Um, this one said comments to.
So now on the Post, we just looked through all the comments.
I would just say comments.
That map.
We get each comment.
Here.
And we're going to just.
Import the comment.
That's.
Imported.
Okay.
Let's check the browser.
It's refresh to page.
Now we are not seeing it yet.
Let's add a key here.
You just can't.
Dot.
All right.
Then we add the IED itself.
Which is common that idea ideas far.
Then we passed a comment as well.
Just a comment is equal to.
Comment.
DOT data.
And also we want to have a condition.
You just see if the comments that land is greater than zero, then we want to.
Do this.
No.
This is should be ampersand.
Sorry about that.
I say.
Something goes on.
Work.
So.
Yeah, actually, uh.
Let's bring this.
Inside a diff.
This year.
And, uh.
Let's check the browser now.
And now we don't need.
I think, uh.
You need to return this or we just make a practice.
This should be done to return.
So now we check.
So getting an error.
So.
This parenthesis is for this year.
I think it's fine now.
It's just check.
Okay.
Now we are getting the comments.
But all of them are similar because we have a component and just writing down something randomly here,
but we can get the information here as the props and with the structure it we just get the comment.
We can get the idea.
And here instead of that, it's just a comment.
Uh, for example, the comment.
That comment is the message, I think.
It's a fresh approach.
Still getting some things?
No.
This.
Let's start with server.
So we passed the.
Comment that data as a comment and inside the server each comment has a comment.
We should get each current.
Yeah, that was correct.
I think it was just a cash getting the previous information.
So these are the comments.
Uh.
Now we can add a new comment.
For example, we just say hello warned and should comes first in the results.
Yeah.
We got it like this.
Okay.
In the next section, we're going to create the comments.
Com components.
Complete it and make it at.
More beautiful.
And also we want to add the delete and like functionality for that as well.
So let's add this one to the guitar.
We just take it and all we make a comment with the message of.
Get the comments from fire store.
And create.
The comment.
Components.
And we push it to get higher.
Let's review what we have done so far.
Let's refresh the page here.
The last comment is get the comments from Firestorm and create a comment component.
As you can see, we have created a component called Comment Duchess as we just returned each comment.
And inside I did a tease there, which is our post page.
First we got the collection down on a snapshot audit by a quarry from Firestone.
Then we created a piece of estate called comments.
Then we use use of fact.
To get the snapshot and be curried.
That's fine.
Based on the reference by the it's time stamps.
Then we got the snapshot data and put it inside the comments state.
Then we just say if the comments are more than one, more than zero, we just want to look through all
of them and show them inside the comments component and we pass the key idea and comment as a prop.
Okay.
Yeah.
That was it for this part in the next section where you're going to complete this comment that.
Yes.
Which is similar to our actually the post.
We can just get the data from the post status and we just use them and just remove the image and other
things and we create our comment that yes.
And also we want to add the like and the leading functionalities.
So see the next section for creating the comment and completing the comment component.